Ваше имя: contactvtrskq
Email: trypikovpaletta1993@rambler.ru
Ваше сообщение: I&#039;m happy to welcome you! 
 
We will send viacontact forms  to the sites of business organizations via all countries of the world.  
 
website =» xn----7sbb1bbndheurc1a.xn--p1ai 
 
WHAT IS THE MAILING OF WEBSITES BY CONTACT FORMS? 
This is a type of mailing using the contact forms that are located in the feedback section of the website and filled by our robot in a preset mode with a rate of a few thousand feedback forms per 1 minute, while the alphabetic and numeric code from the pictures (CAPTCHA) is also solved. 
After that, the letters including your business offers are sent to the e-mail addresses of organisations. 
When sending mailing by contact contact forms, it turns out that each site sends a correspondent e-mail to its own e-mail and, therefore, all messages arrive in the inbox folder of the exact mailbox in which the organisation is ready to receive the commercial information. 
 
Unique Trade Offer: 
Fast 100% notification of businesses and website owners about new commercial offers. 
Search of new customers that other advertisements cannot find. 
 
AIM: 
Finding customers that cannot be found through other advertisements. 
 
Benefits: 
1.one hundred percent delivery of commercial messages. 
2.Increase of the customer base. 
3. Increase of the market share. 
4.Regionality and topic orientated mailings. 
5. Sending information to directors. 
6. Conducting tenders. 
7. Conducting marketing research. 
8. Conducting surveys and studying public opinion. 
9. High-speed notification. 
10. Price. 
11. Entering the markets of other countries. 
 
Competitive advantages: 
1.When sending mailing by feedback forms, all e-mails arrive in the inbox folder. When sending bulk e-mails, this can reach up to five percent. 
 
2.When sending mailing by contact forms it is possible to send a few million letters per 24 hours to inbox folders. When sending bulk e-mails a few thousands arrive in the inboxes, all the remaining ones often either do not reach or arrive in the junk folder. 
 
3. When sending mailing by contact forms a letter does not get blocked by mails because it is sent from different websites. When sending e-mail newsletters it is possible to send a few thousands of those but nevertheless all the IP addresses from which the mailing is done will be in &quot;BAN&quot;. 
 
4. When sending mailing by contact forms the minimum of macros is used to form headings and text of the letter. When sending mass e-mails, it is necessary to use «macros» (synonyms) for each phrase and create thousands different headings. 
 
5. Many firms try to hide their mailbox and only leave a contact form for contacting with them. 
 
6. When sending e-mail newsletters, your commercial offer is delivered to every employee of the organisation, (which causes irritation) compared to mailing by contact forms where the information is received at the mailbox specifically set up for commercial offers. 
 
7.50% of corporate e-mails are placed on free mail systems, they are not very &quot;searchable&quot; by e-mail, but when sending mailing by feedback forms through these e-mail servers, all messages are 100% delivered to the recipients. 
 
8. Only thirty-forty % of businesses get into the directories within 2-3 years, and all the other ones are already located in our WHOIS databases and are waiting for your cooperation  offers. 
It turns out that that mailboxes of organisations from directories are full of spam, and therefore they will not have such result as when sending mailing by contact forms using our always new VOIS databases. 
 
9. Any kind of stop words in the body or headings of the message can be sent through feedback forms. When sending mass e-mails, such letters either are not delivered the recipient or arrive in junk. 
The list of stop words of mails includes almost all words and phrases that encourage your potential customers to take active actions. 
 
Application: 
 
1. Expanding the customer base. 
2. Quick notification of marketplaces about new commercial offers. 
3. Informing directors. 
4.Testing the demand for products and services. 
5. Conducting tenders. 
6.Conducting marketing research. 
7.Studying public opinion and conducting surveys. 
8. Searching for clients abroad. 
 
Reasons for ordering this service: 
 
1. 100-percent delivery of your letters and business offers to millions of businesses all over the world. 
Every site sends a message to itself so all filters of mails are bypassed. 
 
2.Mailing by feedback forms is an great way in for conducting different marketing researches, surveys and studies of  public opinion on anytype of activity and direction. 
When sending mailing by contact forms, you will be sure that your message has been delivered to 100% of users of your service and product and if a product or service is &quot;badly promoted&quot;, then the potential issue lies in in something else, for example in price. 
At the same time, within one week you will see demand for your services and products, you will not need to spend funds on renting premises and other more expensive and time-consuming marketing events. 
 
3.Mailing by contact forms is the most economical and quickest way to get your service or product to the markets of other countries. 
 
4. Mailing by feedback forms is a great tool for conducting various tenders. 
 
5.Monthly update of the databases, as more than 150,000 new sites, appear all over the globe every day, and you, in turn, get new potential clients. 
 
6. Full geographical coverage for all countries of the world. 
 
7. We offer customers that you will not find through other types of advertisement. 
When sending mailing by feedback forms, you will be able to get to that part of your clients, that is impossible to &quot;break through&quot; automatically in another way. 
For instance, you will be able to send a business offer to those potential clients that were earlier out of reach due to mail filters while sending mass e-mails. 
In the markets, there is a very unusual situation: firms that got into the directories are literally spammed with all sorts of cooperation offers while very little or no e-mails are sent to the rest. 
 
8. Unique technology of decoding the captcha. 
There are special services for decrypting alphanumeric code (captcha/CAPTCHA). It costs one dollar to solve thousand captchas. 
Therefore, processing 1 million Internet resources our program solves one million CAPTCHAs, which costs thousand dollars only to unravel captcha/CAPTCHA, and with our service this is free for you! 
 
9. By ordering mailing by contact forms, you are promoting your service or product not to separate individuals, but to organisations, for instance domain zone .com, where more than one hundred and fifty million cooperational  firms from all over the world are collected (we have samples of them from all international zones for every country). 
 
10. Mailing by feedback forms is also a subtype of SMS mailing 
Mailbox that is linked to the feedback form is the main electronic address of businesses through which applications and cooperation offers are sent. This e-mail is also set up for cell phones as it is necessary to respond to the messages fast so as not to lose the application or the relevance of the cooperation offer. 
 
11. The database of countries also includes all joint businesses from all over the world working with or closely related to this country, for example, diasporas and national communities. 
Sanctions of mail systems and search engines? 
These mailings are an alternative to sending e-mail newsletters, therefore search engine sanctions and &quot;BAN&quot; do not apply to them. 
Mail service delivers the data of messages to the inbox folder, as it goes through the &quot;warm channel&quot; from the new IP address of the site to the corporate email of the same site. 
In simple language, these mailings &quot;live in letters&quot; and filters of mail systems do not respond to them, because mails have a certain trust in communication channels between sites and corporate emails. 
 
OUR DATABASES: 
You can purchase our databases separately from the mailing by sending us a request by contact form. 
 
MORE THAN 2000 VOIS DATABASES BY DOMAIN ZONES AND COUNTRIES OF THE WHOLE WORLD. 
 
SELECTIONS OF DATABASES BY THE MAIN CONTINENTS. 
 
COLLECTIONS OF DATABASES BY THE MAIN LANGUAGES. 
 
SELECTIONS OF DATABASES BY THE MAIN CMS. 
 
COLLECTIONS OF DATABASES BY THE MAIN COUNTRIES. 
 
HOW TO MAKE AN PROMOTIONAL OFFER FOR MAILING BY FEEDBACK FORMS: 
The simplest text + a few headings, the main goal is to interest the potential customer, and they will read the rest on your website. 
Most likely, all ads on your subject are already on the networks, enter the necessary requests into the search engine and choose the most successful ones. 
The headings are substituted by a carousel from text file. 
Only text messages are sent, links are inserted without problems, they are all &quot;clickable&quot;. If the future customer needs pictures or more specific information, then you should forward the potential customer to visit your internet resource. 
 
In the letter: 
Text without pictures, since pictures do not pass through the contact form. 
Your contact details: 
Internet resource address: 
 
Fields to fill in: 
Name: 
Country: 
City: 
Website: 
Several headings: 
E-mail for autoresponces: 
 
website =» xn----7sbb1bbndheurc1a.xn--p1ai 
Price List =» xn----7sbb1bbndheurc1a.xn--p1ai/en/price/

